README.md, before:

# Ceros Plugins
A collection of plugins and integrations for Ceros experiences.

All plugins in this repository are licensed under the MIT license. A copy of the license is included in the LICENSE file.

## Eloqua Plugin

This plugin enables tracking of page views within Ceros experiences in Oracle Eloqua. On each page change, the URL of the page
will be tracked under the configured Eloqua Site ID.

### How to use this plugin:

Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio. You can
access this field via the Settings menu in the upper right - Custom HTML is the third tab inside Settings.

```
<script id="ceros-eloqua-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/eloqua/main-v0.js" siteId="0" cookieDomain=""></script>
```

Then, replace the value of the `siteId` attribute with your Eloqua Site ID. This can be found by clicking on the gear
icon in the upper right of Eloqua, clicking "Setup", and then clicking "Company Defaults". If you have a first-party
cookie domain configured with Eloqua, replace the value of the `cookieDomain` attribute with that domain. Otherwise,
you may leave the value empty or delete the attribute entirely. This will cause the Eloqua cookie to be served as a
third-party cookie. Using a first-party cookie is highly recommended, as most modern browsers will block third party
cookies.

## SoundJs Plugin

Uses the [SoundJs](http://www.createjs.com/soundjs) library to enable people using the Ceros Studio to create an experience that will play a sound when
an object is clicked.

The sound file must be hosted on a server that allows [cross origin requests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing)

### How to use this plugin:

1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-soundjs-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/soundjs/main-v0.js" soundTag="playsound"></script>
```
2. Tag a component with 'playsound' in the SDK panel
3. Set the Payload to the URL of the sound file

## Highlander Plugin

There can be only one (layer visible at a time)
This plugin allows you to define a group of layers, where only 1 layer in the group can be visible at a time.
If any layer in the group is shown, then all other layers in the group will be automatically hidden.
The groups are defined using the SDK panel to give each layer in the group the same tag.

### How to use this plugin:

1. Tag each layer in your group
1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-highlander-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/highlander/main-v0.js" highlanderTags="your,tags,here"></script>
```
1. Update the highlanderTags attribute on the script tag with the tags that you've used in step 1


## Marketo Munchkin Plugin

Uses the [Marketo Munchkin Lead Tracking](http://developers.marketo.com/documentation/websites/lead-tracking-munchkin-js/) to send page view data to your Marketo account.

All lead associations will be based on the domain of the experience being viewed (view.ceros.com or a vanity domain).

### How to use this plugin:

1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-marketo-munchkin-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/marketo-munchkin/main-v0.js" accountId="AAA-111-BBB"></script>
```
2. Replace the value of the accountId attribute with your marketo munchkin Id


## Carousels Plugin

This plugin allows you to create image carousels in the Ceros Studio by
simply tagging the components that make up each carousel. To use this plugin,
for each desired carousel (where X is a number) do the following:

### How to use this plugin:

   1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
   ```
   <script src="placeholder"></script>
   ```
  2. (Required) Create forward and back arrow components
     - For the forward arrow, give it the tags "carouselX" and "forward-arrow"
     - For the back arrow, give it the tags "carouselX" and "back-arrow"
     - (Optional) If you would like the carousel not to loop, add 'noLoop'
       to the payloads of both arrows
  3. (Required) Create a separate layer for each slide to be shown
     - Give each layer the tags "carouselX" and "carousel-layer"
     - This layer will contain the image to be shown, as well as the button highlight (if there is one)
     - The layers need to be ordered in the layers panel in the same order that you want them displayed
       (Example: slide 1 will be above slide 2 in the layers panel)
  4. (Optional) Create buttons to navigate the slides
     - Create as many button components as there are slides
     - DO NOT put them on the same layer as any of the slides
     - Put the corresponding slide number in the button's payload. (1, 2, 3, etc.)

Commit message:

updated readme with new instructions

README.md, after:

# Ceros Plugins
A collection of plugins and integrations for Ceros experiences.

All plugins in this repository are licensed under the MIT license. A copy of the license is included in the LICENSE file.

## Eloqua Plugin

This plugin enables tracking of page views within Ceros experiences in Oracle Eloqua. On each page change, the URL of the page
will be tracked under the configured Eloqua Site ID.

### How to use this plugin:

Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio. You can
access this field via the Settings menu in the upper right - Custom HTML is the third tab inside Settings.

```
<script id="ceros-eloqua-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/eloqua/main-v0.js" siteId="0" cookieDomain=""></script>
```

Then, replace the value of the `siteId` attribute with your Eloqua Site ID. This can be found by clicking on the gear
icon in the upper right of Eloqua, clicking "Setup", and then clicking "Company Defaults". If you have a first-party
cookie domain configured with Eloqua, replace the value of the `cookieDomain` attribute with that domain. Otherwise,
you may leave the value empty or delete the attribute entirely. This will cause the Eloqua cookie to be served as a
third-party cookie. Using a first-party cookie is highly recommended, as most modern browsers will block third party
cookies.

## SoundJs Plugin

Uses the [SoundJs](http://www.createjs.com/soundjs) library to enable people using the Ceros Studio to create an experience that will play a sound when
an object is clicked.

The sound file must be hosted on a server that allows [cross origin requests](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing)

### How to use this plugin:

1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-soundjs-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/soundjs/main-v0.js" soundTag="playsound"></script>
```
2. Tag a component with 'playsound' in the SDK panel
3. Set the Payload to the URL of the sound file

## Highlander Plugin

There can be only one (layer visible at a time)
This plugin allows you to define a group of layers, where only 1 layer in the group can be visible at a time.
If any layer in the group is shown, then all other layers in the group will be automatically hidden.
The groups are defined using the SDK panel to give each layer in the group the same tag.

### How to use this plugin:

1. Tag each layer in your group
1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-highlander-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/highlander/main-v0.js" highlanderTags="your,tags,here"></script>
```
1. Update the highlanderTags attribute on the script tag with the tags that you've used in step 1


## Marketo Munchkin Plugin

Uses the [Marketo Munchkin Lead Tracking](http://developers.marketo.com/documentation/websites/lead-tracking-munchkin-js/) to send page view data to your Marketo account.

All lead associations will be based on the domain of the experience being viewed (view.ceros.com or a vanity domain).

### How to use this plugin:

1. Paste the following code into the "Custom HTML" field of the Ceros experience inside Ceros Studio.
```
<script id="ceros-marketo-munchkin-plugin" src="//sdk.ceros.com/marketo-munchkin/main-v0.js" accountId="AAA-111-BBB"></script>
```
2. Replace the value of the accountId attribute with your marketo munchkin Id


## Carousels Plugin

This plugin allows you to create image carousels in the Ceros Studio by
simply tagging the components that make up each carousel. To use this plugin,
for each desired carousel (where X is a number) do the following:

### How to use this plugin:

1.  Create a separate layer for each slide to be shown
    - Give each layer the tags "carouselX" (i.e. carousel1) and "carousel-layer"
    - This layer will contain the image to be shown, as well as the button highlight (if there is one)
    - The layers need to be ordered in the layers panel in the same order that you want them displayed
      (Example: slide 1 will be above slide 2 in the layers panel)
       NOTE: multiple carousels must be labeled in ascending order - 1,2,3,4, etc...
 2.  (Optional) Create forward and back arrow components
    - For the forward arrow, give it the tags "carouselX" and "forward-arrow"
    - For the back arrow, give it the tags "carouselX" and "back-arrow"
    - (Optional) If you would like the carousel not to loop, add 'noLoop'
      to the payload of the forward arrow
 3. (Optional) Create buttons to navigate the slides
    - Create as many button components as there are slides
    - DO NOT put them on the same layer as any of the slides
    - Put the corresponding slide number in the button's payload. (1, 2, 3, etc.)
 4. (Optional) Create timed auto-advancing slides
    - Create an invisible layer (can be empty), with the tags: 'carouselX' and 'timer-layer'
    - Create any interaction that will show the hidden layer (i.e. a hotspot that shows the layer on view)
    - As soon as the timer layer is shown, the slides will automatically start auto-advancing
    - Add the duration of each slides appearance to their respective layer's payload (in seconds)
    - The durations can be different for each slide, and can be decimal values
